I’m your worst nightmare, you uninvited alien scum-sucker! And right now you’re all that stands between me and a planet full of babes – so get ready to bend over and kiss your ass goodbye!
Guess again, freakshow. I’m coming back to town, and the last thing that’s gonna go through your mind before you die… is my size-13 boot!
That’s gonna leave a mark!
They don’t make ’em better than me!
Hmmm… That’s gonna leave a mark.
I go where I please, and I please where I go.
I’m God’s gift to women!
Come get some!
Hail to The King, baby!
Hey, kids, you remember I’m a professional, don’t try this at home!
Babes, bullets, bombs. Damn – I love this job!
I always said, if there was a way to go, I’d have something to do with women, whips, and oil…
Yeah, piece of cake!
Dying ain’t much of a living boy.
Somebody’s gonna freaking pay for screwing up my vacation!
Sometimes I even amaze myself. [quoting Han Solo]
Ahhh, smell those traffic fumes. And no damn aliens! time for some R & R!
This is why I have games named after me!
Guns don’t kill mutants, I kill mutants.
Squeal piggy ! Squeal shove it in here ! Oh boy, it’s clobberin’ time
Eh… Just a flesh wound.
My gun’s bigger than yours.
I’m not gonna fight you, I’m gonna KICK YOUR ASS!
Staying alive, staying alive, la.
Let’s rock!
Looks like cleanup on aisle four.
My name’s Duke Nukem, and I’m coming to get the rest of you alien bastards!
Looks like it’s time for me to go postal!
Suck it down!
Terminated! [upon discovering the crushed skeleton of The Terminator]
It’s my way or… Hell, it’s my way!
Good, Bad, I’m the guy with the gun!
Nobody steals our chicks… and lives!
So many babes, so little time.
Groovy!
Nuke ’em ’till they glow, then shoot ’em in the dark!
Babes, bullets, bombs. Damn – I love this job!
Ready for action.
See you in Hell!
So much for the new boots…Has anyone seen Mr. Hankey?Is it true that Roman girls have Roman hands?
Lizard skin makes great boots
After a few days of R&R… I’ll be ready for more action!
Damn, I’m good!
I love the smell of bacon in the morning.
This really pisses me off!
Damn, that’s the second time those alien bastards shot up my ride!
Damn, those alien bastards are gonna pay for shooting up my ride.
This is KTIT, K-Tit! Playing the breast- uhh, the best tunes in town.
Harr matey, someone’s gonna take a long walk off a short gang plank!
Heh, heh, heh… What a mess!
Ugh, this sucks.
Little pig, little pig, let me in. Or I’ll huff and I’ll puff and I’ll kick your ass in!
Rubba-dub-dub. Get out of the tub.
It’s locked, and I’m an ass kicker not a safe cracker
We meet again, Doctor Jones!
I like a good cigar…and a bad woman…
I should have known those alien maggots booby-trapped this sub.
I’m an ass kicker, not an aviator.
It ain’t no bike, but it sure beats the hell outta walking.
